Use new firms vector layer (#156)
carbonplan/forest-offsets-web: components/projects/methods/fires.md

Fire perimeters come from the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC), an umbrella organization responsible for coordinating federal wildfire management. NIFC maintains several geographic datasets, including an authoritative version of [all wildland fire perimeters](https://data-nifc.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/nifc::wfigs-current-interagency-fire-perimeters/about) from the 2023 fire season.

We calculate burned area by intersecting these two datasets, using the raw geometries provided by CARB, rather than the simplified versions, for these calculations.

> Thermal anomalies come from the [Fire Information for Resource Management System](https://firms.modaps.eosdis.nasa.gov/) (FIRMS), which distributes Near Real-Time active fire data from multiple satellites. We show data from the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) aboard S-NNP, filtered to exclude low confidence fire values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thermal anomalies come from the [Fire Information for Resource Management System](https://firms.modaps.eosdis.nasa.gov/) (FIRMS), which distributes Near Real-Time active fire data from multiple satellites. We show data from the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) aboard Suomi-NPP and NOAA-20 along with MODIS for the prior 3 days, filtered to exclude low confidence fire values ('l' or \<35).
```
